, take him here to buy something there to buy something so yeah, sometimes and come
down to Hong Kong, those are fine live 4, five thousand dollars of this hotel, so
much  I want to be a star, so
of course signed me there So ah, do not listen, do we have a relationship with him
we have a relationship with his friends Yes, very good friends, right or not
beautiful, so this girl.  That is, there used to be a lot of
bosses for him that is to buy things for him
, like some things, now now it is very difficult, his bosses
are leaving, a lot of them are not able to do so still have money, you say
in Hong Kong  No, so Hong Kong people, now there is no
way to face it like this, wow the economy is not so good, still want to
have some good freedom to walk yeah, out to earn a living, make a lot of money
before I hear  Yeah, you Chinese people are coming
down so that the person is average, that person is thousands of dollars thousands of dollars
to eat, it's good wow, now Hong Kong's economy is all this suddenly
not Hong Kong's good  My economy is not
good, of course, also reflects the property market there, the property market is so falling and falling,